[THEME MUSIC]
>>LISA GARR: Hi, I'm Lisa Garr,
host of "Gaia Inspirations."
And our topic for this series
at the Celebrate Your Life
Conference here in
Phoenix, Arizona,
is to explore the
"I Am" meaning.
And joining me is
Barbara Marx Hubbard.
She is considered to be a social
architect and a leading voice
in innovating change
for this world.
It's such an honor
to have you here.
Thank you, Barbara.
>>BARBARA MARX HUBBARD:
Thank you, Lisa.
>>LISA: So in exploring the
"I am" context-- and this
has been such a great, great
exploration for me-- what
is your opinion of the "I
am" statement in this moment?
>>HUBBARD: My opinion
is that it comes
from the source of
creation or God.
And that impulse for
billions of years
has been creating quarks
and electrons and protons
and animals and
humans and now us.
And it comes up through the
entire story of creation
and it hits me in my heart.
And I realize I am the
universe in person creating.
>>LISA: Oh, that
just gave me chills.
>>HUBBARD: So that I am
principle in every one of us
is actually your
unique experience
of the creative impulse
of the universe.
And in every person, it's
almost like the God force
becoming personal
as you to create.
>>LISA: What does that mean?
The God force.
>>HUBBARD: The whole
impulse of creation
becomes personal
as Lisa or Barbara.
And when it does, there's
a uniqueness about Lisa.
There's a uniqueness
about Barbara.
So the I am principle in
you is doing differently
than the "I am" principle in me.
But it's the same principle.
>>LISA: I think you
pretty much just gave
the definition of purpose.
>>HUBBARD: Yes.
>>LISA: That's
truly what that is.
That's the God force
combining with the I am
to express itself as purpose.
>>HUBBARD: Exactly.
And each person's
purpose is unique.
But when you say yes to
that I am within you,
the yes turns on.
It's very different
in the "I am" purpose
as to whether you ignore
it, say no to it--
>>LISA: Important.
>>HUBBARD: Or say yes to it.
Now if you say yes
to it, sometimes it
will disarrange your life.
>>LISA: Right.
But saying no to it also
could do the opposite,
could cause sickness and
discontent and depression.
>>HUBBARD: It does.
And I was depressed in my
life after five children.
I loved my children.
I love my husband.
I love my house and my dog.
However, I didn't have
my impulse of creation.
I didn't have my vocation.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>HUBBARD: And I
read Abraham Maslow.
And he said self-rewarding
action is what makes you happy.
I hadn't found it yet.
So everybody needs with
the "I am" principle
to seek for the uniqueness
of that principle as you
your purpose.
>>LISA: But then he decided
to run for president
at that moment.
[LAUGHING]
>>HUBBARD: Well, not
quite at that moment.
It took a few years.
>>LISA: Oh, that's all?
In 1984, right?
>>HUBBARD: No, I
got that actually
from my love of
Teilhard de Chardin who
said the direction
of evolution is
to higher consciousness,
greater freedom, and more
complex order.
Single cell, multi-cell,
animal, human.
Now, he saw us becoming
connected through the Noosphere
or the social media.
The nervous system
of humanity is
going to connect us, he said,
in this book in the '60s.
And when that happens, we're
going to light up with love.
So I'm this discontent housewife
in Lakeville, Connecticut
reading this book.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>HUBBARD: And I hear about
the Noosphere getting its
collective I's.
Now I got woken up.
I said I'm part of that.
I'm growing with you.
And I want to help the Noosphere
get its collective I's.
And I'm doing it
right now with you.
>>LISA: Yes, you are.
>>HUBBARD: We're in the
thinking layer of earth.
We're on-- We're on media going
infinitely fast everywhere.
>>LISA: Yes, yes, yes.
>>HUBBARD: And we are
saying these things
and they're getting into the
collective nervous system.
>>LISA: Let's talk about social
media for a second because it
really truly is that web.
It's connecting
the entire world.
And it's speeding
things up so much.
I believe we're in the
complete technical revolution
at this point.
And it's a new age.
And it's causing things
to change drastically,
old systems to break down,
new systems to move faster,
recreating jobs everywhere.
What do you feel it's
doing for us as a humanity?
>>HUBBARD: It's so interesting.
At the same time we notice
things are breaking down,
like climate change
and resource depletion
and so forth, really dangerous.
At the same time, the planet is
growing a new nervous system,
Facebook, Twitter, Google--
>>LISA: Interesting.
>>HUBBARD: LinkedIn.
All your shows.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>HUBBARD: And Mark Zuckerberg
said a few weeks ago
that one day one billion people
were on Facebook the same day.
>>LISA: Whoa.
>>HUBBARD: Now, that's
1/7 of the human race.
Now, here's what I
think it means, Lisa.
If the Noosphere, the thinking
layer, the nervous system
is going to connect
us, we need it
to have the nervous system,
which is not just mass media,
it's social media.
And one more degree of
connectivity in the social
media, let's say we all
say one morning "I am,"
the principle of
evolution uniquely me .
Let's just say we all say that.
>>LISA: Yes, yes.
>>HUBBARD: Or we all say
we're waking up together.
Or we all say we're being born
as a co-creative humanity,
which I like to say.
You know what, we'd all get it.
It doesn't have to be
seven billion of us.
Let's just say we
aim for one billion.
>>LISA: OK.
[LAUGHING]
>>LISA: But you
know, I would love
to see one billion people
saying that on Facebook.
But sometimes what
I see is gossip
or what the other person's
doing or, you know,
it can be used for
good and bad and it's
important to explore that.
>>HUBBARD: Well, if you think of
the analogy of a newborn baby,
let's think of us as a
newborn planetary culture.
We're a baby in terms
of the wisdom of us
at the large scale.
The baby is on Facebook now.
>>LISA: Oh, OK.
I thought it was the adolescent.
[LAUGHING]
>>HUBBARD: Well,
maybe the adolescents.
But they're not mature.
However, lots of mature
people are among them.
But they haven't yet taken
kind of a shared voice.
We're not yet a choir.
People say don't
speak to the choir.
Lots of people who
I say are maturity
are internalizing the divine
spirit one way or the other.
But we have never come together.
So my major project now is what
I call connecting co-creators
in a planetary awakening
together on social media.
>>LISA: On social media.
>>HUBBARD: To give
us an experience
of who we are becoming.
>>LISA: Where are they?
Where are they on social media?
>>HUBBARD: All over
the world we are.
So the invitation that
we and others-- and I
hope you will help
us-- are giving
is if you feel you have
a unique "I am" to give,
we want you to say it.
And we're going to put
it on global media.
And we're going to have a story
of the evolving of humanity.
Out of the crises,
something new is being born.
>>LISA: Yes.
Connecting the billion.
>>HUBBARD: And then we're
going to aim at a billion
and we'll tell Mark Zuckerberg
it's time for the one billion
to be speaking together
of what they're creating.
>>LISA: I am in, yes.
Yes, absolutely.
>>HUBBARD: And somebody
said to me the other day,
do you want to meet
Mark Zuckerberg.
So I said, well, possibly,
if he'd like to meet me.
>>LISA: Yes, yes.
>>HUBBARD: He would.
But I want to be ready
to meet Mark Zuckerberg.
>>LISA: Well, I
think Mark Zuckerberg
would be ready to meet you.
>>HUBBARD: Oh, you think so?
>>LISA: I do.
I do.
Because you have so much
wisdom to share in such a--
I mean, I was saying
earlier, you're
getting younger and
younger and younger.
What do you do?
Your green juice
protocol, what is it?
And what was your answer?
>>HUBBARD: Well,
my answer is I'm
following the "I
am" principle, which
is an impulse of creativity.
>>LISA: That's what it is.
>>HUBBARD: And you know what,
I'm not getting younger,
I'm getting newer.
>>LISA: Ooh.
>>HUBBARD: Now, this is
an interesting thought.
I'm 85 and obviously
that's a lot of years.
And it looks old.
But I feel new.
Now, why am I new?
Is because the world is new.
>>LISA: You're
connected to that.
>>HUBBARD: The impulse of
creativity in every one of us
is new because evolution
creates newness.
>>LISA: Yes, yes.
>>HUBBARD: Now,
particularly when
you're at a time of a breakdown
of the whole structure
like we are, newness is
cropping up everywhere
in all people who are turned
on, like at this conference.
But they don't know
they're a chorus yet.
They don't know
they're a symphony yet.
That's our job.
>>LISA: They expand that to
a global conversation, where
there is war and killing
and mass killing happening,
how do you extend that what
we're doing in this nucleus
to impact that
conversation, Barbara?
>>HUBBARD: I think
the first thing to do
is to attract together
those already loving.
Because what you do is you
create a field of attraction.
Right now there's no
field of attraction
and there's no
vision of the future.
A lot of the negative
activities are
caught in the old structures.
The old structures, whether
it be government or--
>>LISA: Fighting old stories.
>>HUBBARD: --capitalism.
That's not the place to go.
But there are business people
who are totally turned on.
There are government people
who want to do something new.
There are people in--you
know my wheel of co-creation?
>>LISA: Yes.
>>HUBBARD: You have it there.
>>LISA: Which when we talk
about, there's an image
here we have of the
wheel of co-creation.
Explain this because
it's perfect.
>>HUBBARD: It's a perfect one.
You see the core of the spiral
coming up from the source.
That's the impulse.
That's the "I am" impulse.
It goes through the hub of the
wheel, which is our hearts,
our love, and also
our unique creativity.
If you look at the
sectors of the wheel,
they're all functions in any
community, health, education,
government, science,
arts, media, these are
functional components of any--
>>LISA: Is religion on there?
>>HUBBARD: Yes.
>>LISA: It is.
They're all there.
But this is the whole greater
than the sum of the parts.
Now, here's a clue, Lisa.
Nature takes jumps by making
separate parts come together
in a new whole.
So what we're saying we want
to do for planetary awakening
is offer this wheel
at local levels
all the way on up to global.
If you're interested in health,
you're interested in education,
you're interested
in spirituality,
you map yourself in the wheel.
>>LISA: So you had
an incredible DVD
that you did a while
ago talking about how
crisis proceeds transformation.
And there's this
beautiful artwork
that your friend did that
we're going to also--
>>HUBBARD: Larry Delf, yes.
>>LISA: And we're going to
show you an image of this
as well of this beautiful
labyrinth, right?
>>HUBBARD: He made
a labyrinth out
of all the concepts in
conscious evolution.
>>LISA: And so one
of these concepts
is crisis proceeds
transformation.
And you'll see this
on the screen here.
Crisis proceeds
transformation is
what you're talking
about in terms
of this wheel of co-creation.
Can you link those
two together for us?
>>HUBBARD: Yes.
You know, we've had five mass
extinctions before we got here.
And we're heading for the sixth
mass extinction of our life
support system on this planet.
The difference is we know
we're heading for a problem,
therefore this crisis
that's now going on
among our global
culture is awakening
innovations, creative solutions,
concerns all over the earth.
And as Elizabet Sahtouris says,
crises proceeds transformation.
Problems are
evolutionary drivers.
It's the only thing
that causes evolution.
>>LISA: Because it has six
times prior-- or five times--
>>HUBBARD: Five times.
>>LISA: --prior.
>>HUBBARD: Because the
system isn't working.
Now, nature's genius is
when things are not working,
look for what is working.
Look for innovations,
creative solutions, new ideas.
Do you think we have a lot
of innovations around now?
>>LISA: Yes.
And the denial factor is
no longer going to work.
It's going to be
a place where we
can no longer be in
denial of the fact
that we have a crisis pending.
There has to be solutions.
There has to be--
>>HUBBARD: And that's good.
So that means thousands
if not hundreds
of thousands or millions of
people because of the crisis
are open to what's new.
And they're not getting it
from their government leaders.
>>LISA: No.
>>HUBBARD: They're not getting
it from the current mass news.
>>LISA: Right.
Right.
>>HUBBARD: Which is always
noticing what isn't working.
>>LISA: Renewable energy is
a perfect example of that.
>>HUBBARD: So what we're saying
is let's have a new news.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>HUBBARD: Lisa, that's you.
>>HUBBARD: And let's
have the emergent news
and let's show it's
part of a whole system.
It's not just
here's a little bit
of random good news over here
or random good news over here.
Here is a convergence
of what's emergent.
>>LISA: That is beautiful.
I wanted you to take
a look at a video
where Barbara is talking about
this wheel of co-creation.
Take a look at this.
>>HUBBARD: So I've invited
you to reinvent the wheel
and to enter the
wheel of co-creation.
If you look at it
close up, you'll
see that the core of the
spiral, spirit and action,
comes through the
hub of the wheel.
And I'm calling that a new
sacred space in evolution,
where the design, the pattern,
and the process of what's
being created is revealed.
And in that hub is the first
global communication hub.
The whole wheel is going to
inform the global communication
hub about what's working in
every sector of the wheel.
And people are
going to be invited
to communicate from the
global communication hub
with the voice of their own
deeper experience, their deeper
spiritual understanding,
their deeper
social, scientific, and
political initiatives that
are coming from
the source of love,
that are coming from the
source of creativity,
impulse of evolution that's
created the entire
universe coming through us.
And it's going to be a
new global communication.
The news as it
now exist tells us
everything that's breaking down.
This will be the new news
from the global communication
hub that tells you everything
that's breaking through.
And once we see the
emerging world in our midst
and know that each one
of us is part of it,
we can shift the world.
So please become a member of
the evolutionary community
and join me in the
global communication hub
and become a voice for
conscious evolution of humanity.
>>LISA: All right.
There's a phrase taken
from the book "I Am That."
And it's to know what you are is
to investigate what we are not.
So to know what we are, we need
What are we not?
What can we let go of in order
for this emergence to come?
>>HUBBARD: It's
a great question.
You see, I think
what we're letting go
of is self-centered separation.
Homo sapiens
sapiens, our species
was really good at this.
We're a brilliant species
if you think of neanderthal
and then you think of homo
sapiens and sapiens sapiens,
we are self-conscious
species, which is new.
And that self-consciousness
gradually
led to a sense of an
illusion of separation
from nature, from each
other, and from spirit.
>>LISA: Out of survival?
>>HUBBARD: Out of survival
and intelligence too.
Because when we got to
modern science out of more
traditional religion,
modern science
began to notice how things grow.
And they began to
come up with the idea
of a materialistic universe,
a universe with no purpose.
That's the modern
scientific view.
And therefore, people in
this purposeless universe
didn't have much purpose.
And then we became there was a
whole period of existentialism,
absurdism, nihilism,
materialism.
>>LISA: Competition.
>>HUBBARD: Competition, let's
get ahead of each other,
win over each other.
But what's happened is that's
going to destroy everybody.
Suddenly, it's not just going
to destroy the weaker person,
everybody's weaker
because a separated state
with the degree of power started
for me with the atomic bomb.
But you think of nanotech,
biotech, quantum computing,
and thermonuclear
weapons, do you
think in a self-centric
conscious state
we can handle all this
power for the good?
No.
>>LISA: It's going to implode.
>>HUBBARD: But
what is happening--
and this is what I want to
really emphasize-- innovative,
creative, and loving people
are coming up everywhere.
When I was in my early 60s,
I never met anyone like me.
>>LISA: Oh, I see.
>>HUBBARD: I thought I was
like a mutant of some sort.
In fact, I first met
Jonas Salk in in 1964.
And I told him everything
that was wrong with me.
OK.
I'm interested in the future
as I'm going somewhere,
I have more to do.
Well, the Freudian
analysis, she's neurotic.
That's what was wrong me.
I'm neurotic because
I wanted more.
Because the women were to have
babies and be sure to take
care of their homes and so on.
When I discovered that I
had more to do that's good,
Jonas said, Barbara, this is
not what's wrong about you,
it's what's right about you.
You are a mutant.
This was 1964.
He said, I will introduce
you to three or four mutants
that I met.
And one was the department
of neuropharmacology
at Johns Hopkins, another
was a science editor
of "Life Magazine,"
L. Rosenfeld.
And these were evolutionaries.
>>LISA: Really?
>>HUBBARD: Now, I did discover
through Teilhard de Chardin
there are two types
of people on earth.
One, the progressives,
who are tending
to be attracted to the
future as something
emerging to the unknown.
The other side is the
bourgeois, attempting
to keep everything
the way it is.
Now, if you're a
bourgeois and you're
attempting to keep
everything the way
it is now in the midst of all
of this, you're going to fail.
>>LISA: It's definitely
not going to work.
>>HUBBARD: We have
reactive religions,
we have reactive
politics, and we
have reactive battles going on.
They will fail.
Meanwhile, we have attraction
to what's creative and new.
That has not become
the news yet.
That has not yet
become connected.
So that is the purpose
of people like myself
and you and others
is let's connect
what's attractive because
it's going to help the system
move forward.
>>LISA: It's getting there
fast, though, Barbara.
>>HUBBARD: It is and we
have the internet now.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>HUBBARD: We have
people like you, Lisa.
We have hundreds of thousands
of people who are turned on.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>HUBBARD: Everywhere.
>>LISA: And it's speeding
up and it's not so far away.
>>HUBBARD: That's
what I'm saying.
It better not be because
how many years do we
have to misuse power?
Not many.
It's timing.
>>LISA: Time is getting shorter.
>>HUBBARD: Short timing, Lisa.
>>LISA: How far away
would you think that is?
>>HUBBARD: Well, I was talking
to Ervin Laszlo the other day
about five years.
And we've been saying
maybe by the year
2020 we could have enough
connectivity to shift
the system to know the positive.
Not to solve everything
but to know the direction.
And Ervin said to me,
you know, Barbara, it
may not be five years
because let's be aware
that it's the unexpected
that's going to happen,
like a flood in Nice that drowns
people in their cars with no
know attention to a possible
flood in Nice, France.
All these mudslides
is suddenly come down
and overwhelm communities.
This can happen
anywhere, anytime.
So the faster we
can get together
at the nexus of
where we're creative
and create a communication
system among creativity.
You know, Lisa, this is no
accident, this interview.
>>LISA: This is so powerful.
This is so powerful.
And think of how fast things
have moved and progressed
in the last five years.
>>HUBBARD: Yes.
>>LISA: In four years, it will
go two to three times as fast.
>>HUBBARD: It will.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>HUBBARD: Now, I'm
going to be 90 in 2020.
>>LISA: That's right.
That's right, yes.
>>HUBBARD: So I've decided to
the next five years of my life
from 85 to 90 is given
to this like 100%
and to supporting
everybody who's attracted.
>>LISA: So what are
we doing together?
>>HUBBARD: You and I are going
to be doing a lot together.
I can see this.
>>LISA: We all are.
We all are.
Let's take a look
at this video where
Barbara's talking about
awakening our social potential.
Take a look.
>>HUBBARD: Conscious evolution
is evolution by choice
not chance.
For billions of years,
evolution has been progressing.
We've had five mass extinctions.
We've had billions of species
extinct before we got here.
But the interesting
thing is that we
are the very first species
on planet earth aware
of our own evolution.
We've heard about the billions
of years of evolution.
We are the first species
to know we are affecting
our own evolution by everything
we do, the babies we have,
the food we eat, the cars
we drive, the wars we fight,
even the thoughts we
hold about each other.
And we can see that
we are affecting
our evolution in such a manner
that we might to devolve.
We might destroy our
life support system.
We might actually render
ourselves extinct.
What this amounts to
is the greatest wakeup
call that humanity has ever
had because no species has
been responsible for its
own devolution or evolution.
We have no experience in this.
But nonetheless, we're
entering the first stage
of conscious evolution.
And I believe in retrospect
when we look back on this age,
it will be as great
a breakthrough
as was self-reflective
consciousness
in the neanderthal world.
INTERVIEWER: What is the
social potential movement?
>>HUBBARD: We know what the
human potential movement was.
It was when Abraham
Maslow, the psychologist,
began to study human
wellness rather than illness.
And he identified a
new kind of person.
It was in the 1960s.
And he called it a
self-actualizing human.
And that is somebody
with self-rewarding work
that they find intrinsically
valuable and of service.
And when he mapped
the characteristics
of the self-actualizing
person, we
began to try to be
self-actualizing.
And it started the human
potential movement,
the transpersonal movement, the
whole consciousness movement
was really started
by that thought.
The social potential
movement is the next step
as he identified peaks
of human wellness
and got the
self-actualizing person,
it's time to identify the peaks
of social excellence, social
innovation, social wellness.
And if we could trace the
peaks in health and education
and economics and
science and technology
and energy and government that
are working at the highest
level, we would
have the beginning
of the self-actualizing society.
And my book
"Conscious Evolution--
Awakening the Power of
Our Social Potential
is an early contribution to
the self-actualizing society.
And if that takes hold like the
self-actualizing person does,
we will begin to see more
of us working to actualize
our social potential.
INTERVIEWER: What
do mean problems are
evolutionary drivers?
>>HUBBARD: It's very
obvious we find it
in our own personal
lives and we find it
in the life of the
larger social system.
Problems are
evolutionary drivers
because you either solve them
by doing better and changing
something or they do you in.
Another phrase is crises
precede transformation.
And in evolution when you
look at the billions of years
of transformation,
almost every time there
is a quantum jump of a
higher order from single cell
to multi-cell to
animal to human,
you will find a series of
crises to the life form
just before the jump.
And the way nature takes jumps
through crises and problems
is this mysterious
function of being
able to connect separate parts
to make a new whole greater
than the sum of its parts.
And you can see right now
our culture is under stress.
We have a crises to
our entire environment.
We have a crises
with global warming.
We have the possibility of
running out of fresh water.
We are in danger.
What is that doing?
It's making us
realize that we have
to change our economic
system, our political system,
and our war machine.
It means we're going to
have to learn to cooperate.
So if you jump over
the crisis and imagine
us being able to
respond co-creatively,
I think we're going to see a
much better future and a much
better humanity or devolution
and extinction, that's
the driver.
>>LISA: Your latest
book-- and I'm
going to grab this--
"The Evolutionary
Testament of Co-Creation."
You have essentially
rewritten the Bible.
[LAUGHING]
Tell me about this book.
>>HUBBARD: I was inspired
by a Christ experience.
I was asking the question
what kind of person
can handle all the power,
nanotech, biotech, quantum,
powers of gods.
And I got an image,
oh, it's Christ.
He had the powers of gods.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>HUBBARD: And He said to us,
you will do the works that I do
and greater works will you
do in the fullness of time.
So I happened to be near
the Mount Calvary Monastery
in Santa Barbara.
I got in there, I
opened up New Testament,
and I started to read.
I started with Saint Paul,
behold I show you a mystery.
We shall all not sleep.
We shall all be
changed in a moment
in the twinkling of an eye.
And I started to write.
And I said, oh my God,
it's all coming true.
We are the generation
that can do the work
that Jesus said we could do.
We are the generation who
can destroy the world.
We're also the
generation that can
evolve the world through love.
And so this book is an
evolutionary perspective
on the New Testament.
I didn't rewrite any
of the Scripture.
I took the Scripture
then I just allowed
an evolutionary
futuristic interpretation
to say how would we
actually do all this, folks?
>>LISA: Beautiful.
>>HUBBARD: And made it all real.
>>LISA: Yes, you didn't
rewrite the Bible,
you gave you a different
perspective on the Bible.
>>HUBBARD: And
evolutionary perspective
on Gospels, Acts, and Epistles.
>>LISA: So let's talk
about Acts for a second.
Because this is one that
I opened to just randomly
when I was talking
with you about this
and discovering your new book.
And in this you say about
be the Day of the Pentecost
was fully come.
So now, let's talk
about this for a second.
>>HUBBARD: Well, the way
that Christianity got
started after
Jesus' Crucifixion,
Resurrection, it was
extremely dangerous
because the Romans
were killing people.
What happened a gathering,
what they call the Upper
Room, about 90 days I think it
was after Jesus' disappearance.
And people started to
hear the Disciples speak
in their own language.
So they had an
international audience.
And the Galileans were speaking
and everybody could hear it
in their own language.
And someone got up and
say how is this possible.
And Peter got up
and said it's what's
prophesied by the Prophet Joel
at the last days the Lord will
pour Spirit upon all flesh.
And your young men
will dream dreams
and your old men
will see visions.
And I really believe that's
true that at some point
this nervous system
is going to connect us
and we're going to
see a vision together.
I got very excited
about that and was
able to write just
a little bit here.
Do you want me to read?
>>LISA: Yes.
>>HUBBARD: Or do
you want to read?
>>LISA: Sure, you, yes.
Yes.
>>HUBBARD: OK.
So what I got here for us
after reading this whole thing
on the Pentecost,
which anybody can read
is "Now, dearly beloveds,
your time has come.
You are the second
generation of Disciples.
You, all of you, are to go
forth and tell the new story
to your generation.
You are to tell the
world we are rising.
We now have the capacity to do
the works that, I, Jesus, did
and greater works can you do.
You who believe in your
capacity to do as I did
are the new Disciples.
You will work together for
the planetary Pentecost.
This is the alternative to
Armageddon, a time on Earth
when all of those who choose to
occupy the Upper Room of "I am"
consciousness--
>>LISA: Wow.
Wow.
>>HUBBARD: --simultaneously
in this aligned field
of love and expectation,
you will all
hear in your own language,
in your own words,
in your own inner voices,
the mighty works of God
that you are to do."
All of you.
>>LISA: It could have
been written today.
Absolutely.
That is exactly.
That is beautifully said.
The perfect combination of,
as it said, old and new.
>>HUBBARD: Old and new.
And, you know, the sacred
text of humanity, this
is one of them.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>HUBBARD: Our sources of wisdom
for evolutionary consciousness.
I have evolutionary
consciousness.
>>LISA: Yes, you do.
>>HUBBARD: I see the whole
impulse of evolution.
So sometimes you
say how old are you?
And I say, well, I'm about
13 billion years old.
Well, you know why?
Every atom, molecule, cell,
lower brain, mammalian brains,
neocortex, boom.
>>LISA: Is in you.
>>HUBBARD: Everyone.
>>LISA: Everyone.
>>HUBBARD: Everyone is the
whole story come alive.
Isn't that a great thought?
>>LISA: Yes, yes, it is.
And it's so beautiful
because that is our story.
As you said, many of the
ancient texts are stories.
And we are creating
a new story now.
And that's the whole point.
That's what you're talking
about is co-creating
a story, a new
story of creation.
>>HUBBARD: That
is exactly right.
I'm a storyteller.
>>LISA: Yes, you are.
And a story liver.
Thank you so much.
>>HUBBARD: You're welcome.
>>LISA: So appreciate you--
>>HUBBARD: I love
being on with you.
>>LISA: I appreciate
your presence
on this planet and everything
that you represent and inspire
in all of us.
Thank you so much, Barbara.
>>HUBBARD: Thank you, beloved.
>>LISA: Truly.
Truly.
Thank you.
And please share this
interview with your friends,
go to gaia.com.
You can share it
with your friends.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay inspired.
[THEME MUSIC]